ideas for images:
Items:
    salvage robot:
        scrapyard look
        orb body.
        on a turret have a head with one glowing red eye on top
        6 arms. ending in a mix of delect and blockly looking grasper's.
        thruster on the back, for mobility.
        cargo bars on the front and one side of body. for storing salvage, materials when working.
        forward profile.
        when more are in stack, make more appire in the background, like other crew.

    survey robot:
        less scrapy look.
        sat-a-light body.
        radar dish on the bottom.
        2 'wings' on side. straight out. like solar panels.
        on the back have a attena.
        bottom / forward profile.
        when more are in a stack make more appire in the background

    combat robot.
        i like what i have now. but i do want a change.
        they don't look very starsector, although they do look cool.

    matnace parts:
        a box, with some tools like screwdrivers, wrenches, and drills sticking out of it?

    humon interface node:
        looks like a person, but with something just ever so slightly off.
        baggy clothing? nice suit? a mix, maybe.
        add more as the stack grows. give the extras different clothing.

industrys:
name
    Population & Infrastructure:
        A Subcommand node, glowing bright blue, with manny wires linking to and from it
    robotic worker assembely:
        a converter grasper (think starwars robot factory.) with progressively more put together salvage robots
        robots will be held by the top? side? unknown.
        on ether side, macanical arms work puting things on the robots as they pass.
        or welding things on.
        a dull red light fills the room?
        forward right profile
    robot worker factory:
        same as robotic worker assembely.
        but more arms. more robots.
        try to make it more messy. like its barly keeping up.
        can see one or two more in the background.
        forward right profile
    robot worker production center:
        same as robotic worker factory.
        but in the background, can see many more distant lines carrying many more robots.
        try to make the place look big. some are in the distance. robots are being moved everywere.
        forward right profile.
    AI Node Production Facility:
        a picture of some very small and delcate robotic arms, putting together a partly complete sub command node,
        parts and tools for said sub command node scattered about
        up profile. have the sub command node look right into your eyes.
    Robotic Maintenance Center:
        a belt, moving and dropping a large amount of tools and robot parts into a box.
        forward/up/left profile. i want a good view of the tools as they fall into the box, and the belt as it moves them, as well as the contents of the box.
    Synthetic Production Center:
        a building with some filled growth vats. what seem to be people shrouded i shouwdo are inside

    AIRetrofit shipyard:
        a ship being worked on.
        have salvage and survey robots flying around it.
        have scaffolding around the ship

        ship should have a forward and left profile, so i can see its profile better.
        maybe use that one midline carrier? the long one with a rounded nose? i like that one.

    Basic Robot Manufactory:
        like robot worker assembly, but smaller, with a mix of robot types on the belt.
    Salavage Robot Manufactory:
        like basic robot manufactory, but with slavage robots.
    Survey Robot Manufactory:
        like basic robot manufactory, but with survey robots
    Combat Robot Manufactory:
        like basic robot manufactory, but with combat robots.
