Ground battle unit defs are now moddable, can add new ones or modify existing ones in data/config/exerelin/groundBattleDefs.json
Player can create units with modded unit types if the unit def allows it
NPCs will use default ground units, use a GroundBattleListener to add or replace units as necessary
    in GroundBattleListiner: InvasionIntel.from to ge the market in from.
    in groundBattleDefs.json, you gotta scrol down a little to get to the part about troop types.
questions:
    (for nexerlins developer):
    hello again.
    I compleatly understand that its going to be a while before you fix this, but i do need to report the bugggsssss. sorry if i sound inpatient in writing, its because im mean.
    so a few things, all found in 'BaseGroundBattlePlugin.reportUnitCreated(GroundUnit b)' when trying to modify player units.
    so first of all, i need to get something off my chest: the way im currently changing player units is by, when a unit made by the player is detected, im rapidly swapping said unit between definitions to find one that works. (the game then seems to automatically create the unit if i change said unit to the definition i want, so that nice.)
    I know thats a wired way of doing it, but it handles a few frustrating edge cases i wanted to avoid dealing with.
    so my issues:
        1) when i try to create a unit with this methood, i find that sometimes, but not all the time? 'marines' will appear in there crew replacer.job.
            this is a odd bug to. the issue seems to only exist as the ground unit runs thorough this function, but vanishes just before its time for crew replacer to add commodity to the maps, resulting in a size 0 crew?
            I cant find anything in the logs, my code, or crew replacer that could be doing this. I have comed through the logs, looked at my code, your code, everything i could think of, and i have no clue what is causing this, so i need to ask the question, just in case i missed this:
            are you by chance adding 'marines' to the 'personnel' crewReplacer_job of ground units, pacifically by directly modifying the 'crewReplacer_Job.Crews' directly, or in another way that would circumnavigate crew replacers logging system? if so, um please don't do that. if not, please tell me so i can keep looking for this witchcraft.
        2) when i created player units using this method, i noticed something odd: this method does not seem to respect the following stats:
            unit size multi.
            it seems to use the unit size from marines or heavy units. what it was before i changed its definition, i mean.
            please note, i have no clue if this could also be effecting other units changed using this, as im not atoned to how big the ground units should be in a battle
        3) how does power work on units with equipment? because it does not seem to be (personnel+equipment)*power. in fact, i have no idea what the equation is, or how it works.
            at present, I believe the EQ is something like equipment*power, but the amount of power each 'heavy' unit has is about 36% to high for that to be true, regardless of unit definition stats.
            I suppose what im asking is, what is the eq for power on units with equipment? and is changing the unit definition when i am going to cause issues, other then the unusual unit sizes?
        4) when i have a unit type with a very high base power, and deploy it into combat by any methood, it shows up as a large 'amount' of said unit on the industry its attacking / defending. (like, the little commodity images that represent the ground unit. there is a lot of them)
plans for the invasions:
    status:
        I have a in built system that looks at and determins the number of each type of bots one should have for each job.
        I need to hock this up into the spot were changes can accor.
    i require a class that can swap out base combat units the AI uses based on conditions and ratios.
    this class will need to beable to:
    1)(done) have a condition to actavate swaping.
    2)(done) have a function that determines the ratio of unswaped units that will be swapped.
    3)(no longer doing) beable to alture the number of platoons created by this method, (to match what the actual combat strength should have been from the attackers
    3.b)(done)so, because i have 'stronger' combat robots, this therefore means i have a higher damage density, makeing things like for example, the defence value of a world, not be true.
        the sollution is simple ish:
            1) give every world a modifier to its defence stat, based on the % of robots that are upgraded on said world (example, i have a 30% chance of advanced robots, add a defnce multi of(0.3*1.5625 )) AKA (cahnce * powerDensity). this will allow for more acreate damage numbers.
                note: also note, there are more then one type of robots, so the calculation should be something like... OR = (cahnce * powerDensity), AR = (math.max(1-OR,change) * pwoerDensity). then have 2 mods one for OR, and one for AR.
            2) make it so every time i add a new 'advanced' robot, a certen number of not advanced robots on the battle field. (example: I replace 2 marrines (2 DD) for 2 advanced robots (3.125 DD) I have 1.125 exstra DD, so next time my code checks to remove a marrine, remove it instead.
            this is good, because it lets my new robots : buff the worlds/faction, display correct 'defence' number, and be power houses that you should be afraid of.
            (NOTE: this will need to be done in the ground battle listener)
    ISSUES:
    on gorund defences:
        2) rebels on worlds are set to the attacking faction. i want this to not be the case. so i will need a specal class to habdle that.
    on AI generated units:
        1) unit number: the size of a given squad does not seem to respect the 'multi' of the squad in size.
           this might be a bug, but this also might be a issue with nexerlin. i will report this just in case
        2) everytime i attempt to make a ground unit, for a single moment, and only one, marrines are included in omega robots equation.
            what the fuck is even going on?!?!?!?!!!!?!? how why??!? i dont get it... i will need mroe data
            -in farther testing:
                T1 robot not effected.
                T0 robot sometimes still has marine in it even after...??????
                T2 robot always effected???????
    on creating player units:
        issues:
            incorrect unit sizes. the reason is believed to be a issue with the unit multi.
            heavy units might not have the right power, as i might have guessed the eq for that wrong.
        3 possibility:
            a_2) use the normal buttons. whenever i group is spawned, if it contains robots, reset the personnel and equipment map, then spawn a unit of that squad from the players inventory.
                -if i go with this, i will need to do the following:
                    1) set each unit to have a power in nexerline_mareins and nexerline_tankcrew.
                    2) create a system that goes though the personell map, and checks to see if any personell match a robot type.
                    3) if a robot type is found:
                        3.1) change the unit definition to the robots definition.
                        3.2) return both the personell and equitmet maps to cargo.
                        3.3) calculate the size of squad i can create with this methood.
                        3.4) unit.setSize.
                   -NOTE: if i do this, i will need to remove the options for each robot's powers (for a robot group, and for marine group) from the config, because they will no longer matter.
                -issue:
                    1)  reportUnitCreated(GroundUnit b) does not do anything for player units.
                        this is frusterating. like omg its so nm sakdknasdkjsajkdsakjdkjaskdjsakjksa
                        i will ask the nexerlin person about this later
            a) use the normal buttons. whenever spawned, get the unit that is most prominent (be it the highest level, or largest number of units) in said group and set the unit def to reflect this, copying over the personnel map for said group.
                -if i go with this i will need to preform the following process for each unit:
                    -both:
                        1) give each unit a power equal to its units power.
                        2) when i create a unit with a mix of units, if its only robots, set it to the basic combat robot definition?
                        3) if its one type of robot, change the units definition to that type, and then attempt to adjust the size of the squad to the right number for that unit squad. (some squads are more dense then others.)
                            -if its a heavy unit, make sure to adjust its 'heavy units' as well, using the crew replacer job, if available.
                            -NOTE: doing this might require that i -reduce- the number of heavy units, and because its a job, im likely going to just have to remove and recreate the squad, making sure to return items to the players cargo bay.

                -issue:
                    1) heavy and none heavy ratios: they are diffrent. options:
                        a) make 4 sets of values: one for with marrine units, one for basic heavy units, one for only robot units. one for only robot heavy units.
                            -issues: would result in wired results with basic heavy units, and i cant seperate them at all =(
                            -issues: the heavy unit results are... nonsensical. i would need to do something crazy to make this work....
                                -why? the number of robots per heavy weapons would be very different between a basic squad, a robot squad, and the squad they are designed around....
                            -the best i can see this working is simple: simple splice off the OCR and ACR from the basic groups (as there ratio makes no sense). effectively refuse to let them deploy. if a unit is detected with said robots in it,
                            remove that unit and attempt to make a robotic unit instead.
                            -NOTE: for the same reasons, this will prevent group mixing. effectively, i can only have groups with one type of robot at a time.
                            -NOTE: group mixing works for BCR and marrines, because they have the same unit per HW raitio...
                            -note: there is a second option: simply make the ratio of weapons per (robot*robotPower) the same on each...
                            for example: OCR = 5. base H/M raitio is 1/2. so therefor a unit would have 10/2 of H/OCR. this would let the robot have 5 power in a HCU and 10 power in a RCU...
                -to do right now (as im trying to get this working)
                    1) set the values for every type of robot, for every one of its possible 4 jobs, in the settings file (already linked in code to the relevant jobs.).
                    2) test
            b) the same as a, but use my own 'create robot' buttons.
                -issues:
                    1) the possibility of losing data when i change the robot type.
            c) have a button for each robot type. avoid the issue of changing robot types entirely.
                -issues:
                    1)this is a mess to interact with. i can help reduce the mess by 'hiding' buttons when they are not available, but that... does not really help me that mush. because the moment you have 2 types of robots, BAM messy as flip.

im going to work on the following now:
    random required changes:
    1) update invasions
        -status:
            defender works.
            attacker works
            detailes:
                1.0) new unit types and icons:
                    -modify definitions.
                    -modify the 'PTSR' for all units.
                    -modify the 'Raito' for all units.
                    -modify the AIRetrofit_MaxGroundDefenceBonusFromT2Bots to match the PTSR
                    -create images for heavy robots, provided i want them.
                1.1)(started)updated combat robot image:
                1.2)(DONE)ratio of bot types depending on conditions:
                1.3)(DONE)increase defence when higher teir robots are in play:
                1.4)(DONE)remove defenders based on the 'power-size ratio' of newly added defenders:
                    -ths idea of this, is to increase the number of defence value i have based on how many (T1,T2) robots will be present. so the 'defences' on a colonly will always match said colonlys defencive value
                1.5)(NOT REQUIRED)remove attackers based on the 'size ratio' for newly added attackers
                    -do to reasons (mainly how i plan to set up the unit definitions), this is always 1. so this never factors in.
                1.6) add description to alpha level core for what it does to ground forces. (saying something like 'some units are replaced' or something.)
                    -maybe even something more detailed, like saying how mush supply and demand there is on the player markets, and how mush local and none local supply this forge is adding.
                1.7) PASSABLE ISSUES:
                    1.7.a) (fixed) tested out some things related to combat robots. supply and demand of marines might not be taken into effect? testing required.
                    1.7.b) (fixed) ground units are vanishing. pasificly the ones i get from changing heavy unitd. i think it has something to do with an invalid unit map. see groundUnit Attacker for logs.
                    1.7.c) (fixed) omega core bonus will not vanish when multiple worlds are present.
                1.8)(done) set the relevent values to the config.
                    -note: damage density diffrences:
                        T1 Cr = 1.5625
                        T1 Wr = 1.5625
                        T2 Cr = 5
                        T2 Wr = 6
                        T1 Cr / mal = 2.5 (NOTE: this might cause issues, having this value so high, so i might reduce this to 2)
                1.9)(done) set the relevent values in the ground combat json.
    2) change automated shipyard to be by crew basis, and slowly increase its production the longer something is inside of it.
    3) change images of robots (see 'update the robots') and other items
        -robot forge needs new image.
            -new combat robot needs to follow the ideology of 'low tech' robots.
                -need some new parts:
                    -recolored base.
                    -new legs of some type. (the current ones suck like really suck i hate them >=( )
        -combat robot needs new image.
        -all robot images need to have there scales and positions (in picture) standardized.
    4) update spelling and grammar from all my texts. apparently, the default way to handles capitals in the game is to only have the first letter of a name (even if the name has multiple words) to be capitalized.
        NOTE: something useful here, is to copy the system from crew replacer over to this mod, so i might have more string control.
        -also, there was a issue with the 'population and infrastructure' displaying the word 'name' after its world name. will need to look into that.
        -also, combat robots alpha core description might be bugged.
        -also, i want to put all the strings into thtere own part of the config.
    5) update the automated shipyard to work on a by crew basis. please.
    6) check all my items and make sure the distance between them is what i want it to be (example of something that needs to improve: advanced combat robot,Omega combat robot)
    7) add descriptions to what the omega core does on each industry (new game version has a function for that now. so thats cool)
    8) make sure the fleet inflater for AI-Retrofits is not applying its hullmod to ships with no crew requirements
    9) review, and attempt to fix the issue related to stations growth being equal to null. the reason for this is unkown, but reseting the population when its null might work maybe?
        -note: population composition might need to be reinitialized.
        -note: terraforming and station construction might be causing issues.
    10) add a custom 'market card' to nexerlin, that lets you change your market to a AI-Pop market at the start of the game.
    11) deal with all the misc logs that are everywere that i dont need. keep error logs.
    update the robots:
        new images when i have more robots (see crewReplacer showdo crew remover.)
        new survey drone mechanics. survey drones can now be consumed on worlds. are stronger, smaller, cheeper and build faster.
        increase the defence on all Omega robots. they need a buff that's not just silly, and greatly reduced losses are something that might just work.
    the new hull mods
        going to add the new hullmods i came up with. the crazy one can wait though
        -current status:
            -(started)robot storege thing:
                -(done)hullmod code
                -(not started)getting robots to have reduced cargo based on hullmods
                -(not started)displaying how many robots are in the robot storge
                - display and description and everything else
            -(started)patchwork AIRetrofits:
                -(done)gave it its extra stats (lower CR, chance of malfunctions)
                -(not done)change the image of the hullmod to something more brown or broken looking.
                -make it so swapping the patchwork AIRetrofit hullmod does not reduce combat readiness.
    the upgrades to the industry to make them all at least somewhat useful
         -add images to the t2 personal robot manufactures
    updated robot forge.
    change to interface to have 2 parts:
        forgeing
        improve command node.
        keep 'imporve command node' the same.
        in 'forgeing' put all my crafting resapies, and allow for the following:
        1) a 'scroll bar' (like what nexerlin 'request a fleet' interface has for fleet strangth). this will allow you to determin 2 things:
            1) the 'wight' of production for a given robot.
            2) how many robots you desire to be made.
        2) let the forge overview show the following:
            1) how mush resources you are projected to use (as well as how many items you are projected to gain)
            2) the projected time to complete each robot type.
            3) the max number of robots you can build with your resources.
            4) how mush cargo you are projected to have at the end of the robot forgeing process.
robot forge plugin:
    find a new sound for the robot forge
bugs:
    issue with: issue with market growth having a tiny modifier that's being added to all my AI worlds. no idea why. //(likely false)decimalize sub population given market growth when it should not be
    issue: (partly done. no longer changes contacts) right now i can change the name and portrait of important NPC's. make it so i cant.
    issue: advanced and omega robots have the same price as basic robots. change this plz.
    issue: the cost of a single survey / salvage / combat robot is the same regardless of level. i fixed this by changeing there demand class, but i want them to have the same demand classes so they can be interchangeable. look this up plz.
    issue: nomadic survival crewSet for my robots does not have its own item in the config. just uses a random robot instead. will need to fix this.
    report:
        Unsure if this is already known or not:
        Using that construction mod that allows for space station construction,etc. Made a station and tried to change the pop there to your ai.
        The building was made. Only problem was that the colony growth thing that showed % only showed "NaN".
        Waited for a few ingame months but it was still the same and there was no growth on said stations.
missing text:
    population and infastucture:
        need to move the "number of robots" text into setting sometime
Industrys:
    Shipyard:
        issues:
            change ship power over to something a crew based system, instead of a shipsized based system.
        concepts: allow players to build this industry on normal markets
            might be a good idea. make it change the fleets as well? i don't know.
            will reduce the need / want to build robotic markets, but maybe that's a good thing?
        notification:

        desing the concept for: having all the basic resource industry do something cool.
        why? because i never build them. even with up to + 8 stability, its just not worth it.
        so here what i have now:
            -moved this information into market - industry.
Robots:
    -?change how AI cores work to power them, so an AI core can only control so many robot workers.
    -if i do this, i could have the power boost decrease as more robots are added. say given 100% bost at 200 of a given type of robot, 50% at 400, 25% at 800 exstra.
    -could use command realays to increase how mush a single AI-Core or sub command node can power.?
    -im unsure of this. might be a bad idea.
AIRetrofits:
    -add on the fighter hull type to the crew costs of this hullmod.
    -add this hullmod to all fighters the ship fires. this would be kinda coolness.

AI Market plugin:






massages: