changelog for all my changes as i make them so i dont forget again.
v0.7.8:
save compatible with 0.7.3+
    fixes:
        added a config to turn on/off the logs relating to market growth at will.
        fixed missing AI core display on the following industry
            -all personal robot manufactorys
            -Automated Ship Instalation Center
            -robotic worker assembely and its upgrades.
            -NOTE: there is likely a few i missed on this pass. ill fix them latter.
    changes:
        rebalanced the experimental building, so its no longer borderline worthless. this will be its final form for a long time.

v0.7.7:
save compatible with 0.7.3+
    fixes:
        -FINALLY fixed market growth. it is tested and 95% working. i hope
            -free port might still give extra growth though. ill fix that finial thing latter
        -fixed a issue with robot manufactures, that caused them to produce to mush / little depending on improvements and AI cores.
    new:
        made robots display how mush cargo space they take up, because i forgot to add that before
        made the personal survey robot manufactroy beta core modifier do something
        added all the config files for the personal robot manufactroy's
v0.7.6:
save compatible with 0.7.3+
    new:
        added 3 new buildings, to produce robots at your supply point each moth.
        they can be built on non AI population worlds, so long as you have the robot building skill thing.

        added 2 more tires of robots (called advanced or [REDACTED]).  buildable if you have a personal robot forge of any type, with ether a alpha-Core or a [REDACTED] inside
v0.7.5.1:
save compatible with 0.7.3+
    fixes:
        fixed robots always giving a single robot of crew power.
v0.7.5:
save compatible with 0.7.3+
    new:
        added a way to see what power a given robot has, so no more guessing on why they are so weak/strong today.
        added a setting to toggle weather or not your ships that launch from AI-Pop worlds have there 'marines' and 'crew replaced' with 'combat robots' and 'salvage robots'
    balance:
        'robotic worker assembely' build time:      60 -> 30
        'robot worker factory' build time:          90 -> 60
        'robot worker production center' build time:120 -> 90
        reason: building the pop growth buildings took far to long. especially the first one.
    fixes:
        removed a testing crewReplacer crew
        fixed combat robots power and priority for nex invasions and hijack marines being swapped
        updated robots custom crew power to the crewReplacer system.
    background work:
        started work on the last missing market buildings.

v0.7.4.2:
save compatible with 0.7.3+
fixes:
    removed a broken reference that was causing a crash at the end of every month i swore i test my updates before posing them
v0.7.4.1:
save compatible with 0.7.3+
fixes:
    fixed a crash involving my fleet inflater and 'Automated Ship Instalation Center'
    fixed 'Automated Ship Instalation Center' not being able to install things on capital ships, and being unable to remove S-Mods
v0.7.4:
save compatible with 0.7.3+
new:
    stated work on a new industry that lets you change the population type of a normal market between a normal market, and a AI-Pop market, at a cost.
        -this industry is only kinda working. it has a option to enable in the config
fixes:
    fixed an edge case crash that was happening for some reason after you got your first AI-Pop market
    fixed the build time for some buildings.
v0.7.3:
not save compatible with any older version.
fixes:
    made it so you get the robot forge ability after visiting an market when you have the robot forge hullmod.
    AIRetrofit hullmod:
        reduced how bloated the modular opp cost of AI Retrofit hullmod was (from 27 hullmods + 27 scripts to 10 hullmods and 1 script)
        (hopefully) made the description of the hullmod respect what ship you are looking at, and stop giving wildly inaccurate guesses on the opp costs of this hullmod.
    found a AI market:
        (hopefully) fixed the buggy nature of the script that sometimes caused issues (thanks Histidine, for helping with that issue)

balance:
    AI-Pop market growth:
        changed the robot factory set of buildings to now produce population on market/system/faction, depending on upgrade level.
            lv0: provides 3 * size growth to the world its built on
            lv1: provides 5 * size growth, divided between to all friendly AI-Pop markets in system (based on each worlds market size)
            lv2: provides 10 * size growth, divided between all same faction AI-Pop markets in the sector (based on each worlds market size)
    industry cost, build time, and upkeep cost:
        a lot of old industry's were overpriced. i thought they would produce credits but you need demand for a good to sell it.
        reduced cost of all industries by a lot.
        moderately reduced upkeep on some buildings, raised it on others.
    population and instructor on AI-Pop markets have changed stability:
        + 2 stability base.
        + 1 for meeting 'Maintenance Parts' demand
        + 1 for meeting 'Human Interface Node' demand
        + 1 for meeting 'Command Relay' demand
        + 1 for meeting 'Sub-Command Node' demand
        - 1 for not meeting 'Maintenance Parts' demand at all sizes
        - 1 for not meeting 'Human Interface Node' demand at size 4+
        - 1 for not meeting 'Command Relay' demand at size 4+
        - 1 for not meeting 'Sub-Command Node' demand at size 5+
new:
    added an option to add the AIRetrofit hullmod, robot forge hullmod, and robot forge ability at the start of your game
    industry:
        added a new industry called Robotic Shipyard, that is can be built at an AI-Pop market and is able to slowly add a improved version of AIRetrofits to ships.
improvements:
    (thank you to the editor: Capesh) added manny manny spelling and grammar fixes to a lot of things from the last update. made things a lot easier to understand as well. thank you <3
prep work:
    prepared for a few more miner industry's to be added latter
modding:
    crew replacer:
        added support for the following jobs:
        1) crew replacer's          'Mission_hijack_marines'     (steal a starship missions) with 'combat robots'
        2) crew replacer's          'repairHyperRelayCrew'       (repair hyper relay)        with 'salvage robots'
        3)Nexerelin 0.10.5x beta    'nex_groundBattle_marines'   (invasions)                 with 'combat robots'
    compatibility:
        made it so you get the AIRetrofit ability, and hullmods after getting the AI-Ships skill. this makes this mod compatible with other mods that change the AIShips skill.



v0.7.2:
save compatible with v0.7+
fixes:
    made the AI-Retrofit hullmod respect logistic slots.
    made the robot forge hullmod respect logistic slots.
improvements:
    improved the robot forge ability tooltip to be more useful.
    replaced the required gamma-core (for founding AI markets) with 10 sub-command nodes.
new:
    can now make sub command nodes in the robot factory
    can now turn sub command nodes into LV1 officers with an chosen personality, at an cost.
        -officers made in this way work exactly like normal officers. just an portrait and name change.
    can now turn sub command nodes into basic administrators, at an cost.
        -administrators made this way work exactly like normal administrators. just an portrait and name change.

thoughts:
    regarding the gamma-core change, for some reason i thought gamma cores were really common. they are not.
    also i will likely change the 'create officer/admen thing' in the feature..
    this will be the last 'save compatible' update. the next update will change market things and not be save compatible.
    this update was impulsive, and not the best. things will be polished latter.

v0.7.1:
save compatible with 0.7.
improvements:
    upgraded robot forge description number in the forge selection, so it looks like the rest of the game now.
    gave the op cost per crew from AIRetrofits its own config.
balance:
    *the robot forge felt extremely weak in testing. to the point it was -boring-. this felt better. nanoforge not tested.
    -changed the default robot forge power from 1 power per 500 crew, to 1 power per 100 crew
    -changed the way nanoforges were calculated, so its now caped at the robot forge power from your robot forges.
    -changed C-nanoforge power from 0.025 to 1.
    -changed P-namoforge power from 0.075 to 5.

fixes:
    -changed the way peoples names and pictures at AI markets were changed. it should work 100% of the time now (hopefully.)

v0.7:
-an slight update to robotic workers were they are buffed by having AI cores in your cargo, and weakened slightly when you have none.
-an way to create an market using salvaging robots instead of crew.
 -the new markets include new portraits and names for captions and admen
 -the new markets have some supply demand changes, that should work with all mods
 -the new markets have an completely different set of growth speed modifiers, to be changed latter
 -the new markets will have some general weirdness.
 -fleets spawned by this market type of market, belonging to the faction that ownes it, will spawn with the AI-Retorfits hullmod, as well as salvage and combat robots instead of crew and marinas
  -do away with humons. bad humons. robots will rule muahaha
 -an bunch of missing images. for real its really bad, but i wanna starsector
 -an bunch of disable fetures, to be added in like latter, that add more flavor to this silly silly change. already partly in but disabled for save compatibility latter.
 -and before i forget, you need an bunch of things before your robot markets will have stability. enjoy.