-NOTICE:
    events, as of right now are on hold, until such an time that the new update with the new event system comes out.
    can still design them though.

    note:
        in the future, there might be an difference between an 'event' and an 'situation' were
        'events' are short term things, or one off events from 'situations'
        'situations' is an ongoing issue that needs solving.

        examples:
            trying to keep your markets hidden from the other factions would be an 'situation'
            an faction finding out, or sending an inspection team to 'investigate' would be an event.
    Events:
        having an robotic world should be a risk. i have no doubt in my mind, that if any faction in the base game were to see they
        they would act. how would depend on the faction.
        how factions would react:
            -Hegemony:          destroy it then hunt you down. if they know it was you at least.
            -Luddic Church:     destroy it and hunt you down. in the name of god?
            -Persean League:    unknown. badly probably
            -Sindrian Diktat:   unknown. badly probably
            -Tri-Tachyon:       take over the market, and use the drones there to there own end. likely not anything
                                they don't know already, but they might learn something (and manage it better then you.
                                because they have an better understanding then you from experience)
            -Independents:      coin flip. if you are in good standing, they might let it slide. they just want to survive.
            -Luddic Path:       you think there sleeper cells are bad now...
                                might also not be believed by other factions. since they cry 'evil' at any tech
                                might be believed by the luddic church
                                    -if so, the church might send out an investigation team to conform
            -Pirates:           would this make a difference to them?

            anti robot:         send saturation bombardments to worlds they know about, and think there are robots on.
                                likely attack you more
            ya robots:          ask for the technology? support you? go 'there can only be one' and attack? blackmail? unknown.
        chance of discovery:
            chance:
                -should be very low for low pop worlds. and the farther you are from an factions systems.
                -should be very hard with getting away with founding an robotic world in someone else system
            AI inspection teams:
                -i say if a team lands and starts tarring up your 'office buildings' only to fid a bounce of computers everywhere (and no people)
                they would have an very high chance to look at your other rooms... and find out the THERE ARE NO HUMANS HERE.
                best to keep them away, if you don't want to be saturation bombardment
                -on the other hand, they likely would have an harder time finding out. there are less people here, so its
                less likely that they would be informed something is wrong. granted, the fact they are never informed of mush
                at all is a bit of a red flag... they would likely still check.

    Invasions and market trading
        another faction taking an robotic market: (by force or by trade)
            there is no possible way for you to hide the fact that your market is AI controlled if they take it.
            if an faction takes this market, and is offended by the existence of bots:
                -they might attempt a purge.
                -if an faction takes this market by force, there is a slim chance they might believe that you know about the robots
                -this faction will become more supisus of you having robotic worlds
            if an faction is not offended by the existence of bots, they might be willing to keep the market intact. they might also:
                -start to found there own robotic colony's. as black sites or other. with all the factors that come into play if they do.
                -give the faction they got the market from an reputation boost
                -give the faction they got it from an reputation negative
                -if they find out because you gifted/sold them the world, they might be grateful in being shared this secret
            if an faction makes landfall(invasion) they will likely notice that something is wrong with there attackers.
                -suspicion that they have robotic population and worlds

        (?)AI uprising
            i don't even know if this is a thing in the base game
            should it happen more? mush more? i don't know.

            there is an new system being added to events. we will see what this can interface when that is out.


NOTE:
    been written possible situations, but they are quite final.
    maybe make them more repeatable? i an unsure.
    right now it sounds frustrating. i need to be carefully about how i handle this, or it will be the worst thing ever.
    maybe split discovery into friendly discovery, nurture discovery, and hateful discovery?
    that might be a little better.
possible situations:
    suspicion:
        description:
            others are starting to notice that something is wrong. why is this market acting so strangely? why is it so hard to find housing...? why os no one leaving
            a faction (or factions) have noticed you. perhaps they frequent the markets here. maybe they just got a tip from another faction. who knows?
        causes: (! = start the event. + = increase event movement)
            + having conditions that should be adding a lot of market growth (close to core worlds, free port, extra)
            !+ having a sub population that can see your market here (deciv sub population)
            !++ having worlds already be discovered.
            !++ having a non robotic-pop market in system
            !!!!++++ using population replacement center (people to robots)
            + using population replacement center (robots to people)
            + faction already being suspicious
            + world under suspicion de civilizing, provided more markets are in the system
        reduction:
            - destroying investigating fleets.
            - being friendly with a suspicious faction
            - world under suspicion de civilizing, provided no more markets are in the system
            - robotic market stability commodity demand met.
            -- having human interface node demand met.
            ---fake having a population.
        options:
            fake having a population.
                -fake chatter, fake people in bars, fake everything
                -requires human interface nodes. in large numbers.
                -costly.
            reduce interest.
            own up to the fact (openly, or privately)
                -move a faction (or all factions) to discovery.
                -some friendly factions will like this. some will not.
        events:
            low:
            possibility of suspicious faction fleets to investigate
            mid:
            possibility of suspicious factions telling another faction there suspicions
            high:
            possibility a suspicious faction will attack a suspicious world. and depending on there thoughts towards AI, they would: invalid, sat bom, disrupt
                -if world is attacked, and orbital defences full, and the world is a robotic market it becomes !discovered!
            possibility a suspicious faction will be mad (-reputation)
            possibility a suspicious faction will send a investigation fleet over to one of the worlds under your control. if its a robotic market, or under AI control, they may attack it. it will also become !discovered!
        fleets:
        finishers:
            if situation drops to zero for a given faction, that faction will lose suspicion
            a world is discovered by the suspicious faction. this faction might tell there allies this information.
            discovered worlds are effected by the 'discovery' event.
        notes:
            factions are not always sharing information. as a result, factions suspicion is managed by faction.
    discovery:
        description:
            you have been discovered! someone knows whats sup. why this market never seems to do anything. now its time to act...
        causes:
            ! +a market was discovered, is the only way to start this event.
            + this faction disliking you
            +(per world) this faction having discovered another world
            + this faction having allies that have discovered you.
            ++ this faction having vengeance to you (nexertion)
        reduction:
            -not being in control of that world anymore
            --discovered faction being busy (low stability markets, lost a market, ext)
        options:
            own up to using robots (publicly only)
                -all factions discover you. they will all need to decide how to proceed.
            ???show this faction -all- your roboic worlds, and let them investigate you.
                -the situation will continue as normal.
                -the faction will understand that you use robotics.
                -the situation result will be amplified. (more if done earlier in the situation)
            destroy the faction that knows
                -destroying all knowing factions will result in the situation ending. if the situation was far enough along, it might cause something to happen? (like a dead box trigger)
        events:
            (events depend on how this faction thinks of you, and what your stance is)
        fleets:
        finishers:
            depending on the factions view on AI, robotics, and relations, a few things can happen
            likes AI, hates you:
                if you told them:
                    no imedeant consequences
                    war? indifference?
                    maybe trying to infiltrate the world?
                if they found out:
                    try to take it from you?
            likes AI, likes you:
                if you told them:
                    acceptance. this faction will not bug you about this world farther.
                    maybe a random bit of positive / negative rep, for having cool markets / not telling us?
                if they found out:
                    acceptance. this faction will not bug you about this world farther.
                    maybe a random bit of positive / negative rep, for having cool markets / not telling us?
            hates AI, hates you:
                if you told them / not told them:
                    a permanent max reputation drop. as well as a reputation drop?
                    try to stat bomb.
            hates AI, likes you:
                if you told them:
                    acceptance -reputation
                if they found out:
                    -reputation. something else maybe?
                    -try to save you. by destroying the world. let it happen and no reputation drop.
        notes:
    AI command break down:
        description:
            your fancy robotic command structure is breaking down. some robots are going rouge. something needs to be done to avoid consequences
        causes:
            !+low stability. large markets without stabilizing commodity.
            !+sub command node / command really deficiency for a long time
        reduction:
            --- met sub command and command really requirements
            []sleeping market sleeping markets do not advance the situation at all in any way.
        options:
            put the market to sleep
                -this will slow down both the markets income, and upkeep by a percent (up to 75%/50% respectively)
                -0.2X fleet size.
                -0.2X ground defence
                +3 min stability
            disable the market... for now:
                -this will remove the cost and gain of the market (0X income. 0X upkeep)
                -0X fleet size.
                -0X ground defences
                +5 min stability.

        events:
            low:
                -market command recovers
                +market command gets worse
            mid:
                -market command recovers
                +market command gets worse
                +robots go rouge (form a random robotic sub population)
            high:
                +a large fleet goes rogue. raids everyone in the system.
        fleets:
            low:
                small amounts of rough fleets (1 / 10 fleet size)
            mid:
                mid amounts of rough fleets (2.5 / 10 fleet size)
            high:
                high amounts of rough fleets (5 / 10 fleet size)
        finishers:
            a large fleet goes rough. raids everyone in the system, then leaves.
            a rebellion.
        notes:
            this feels off. this could use some improvements.
    AI rebellion
        description:
        causes:
        reduction:
        options:
        events:
        fleets:
        finishers:
        notes:
