issues:
    -right now all exstra industries only serve to slow down your game, and this kinda sucks.
        -option 1: reduce cost
            reducing the cost means creating the industries first will be less painfull.
        -option 2: make all industries do something cool
            still has the same issue, the market MAKES you make them even if they are usefull.
        -option 3: reduce penalties for not having industries.
            right now, not having anything provides an massive penalty to stability. unacceptable.
            instead reduce the penalty to -1 per item, but only after market at market sizes 4,5,6.
            example:
                at size 3+, -stab from missing maintains parts.
                at size 4+, -stab from missing command relays.
                at size 5+, -stab from missing sub command nodes.
            also proved an boost in stability for having said upgrades:
                +stab from meeting maintains parts.
                +stab from meeting command relays.
                +stab from meeting sub command nodes.

    -right now, there is no 'fun' to be had from an AI market. this might help:
        option 1: add new industries that do new things to an AI market.
            right now, an AI market provides nothing -new- lets change that.
            ideas:
                -add an industry (or building) to produce high tech robots
                    -high tech robots could have 2X power for the same size, but not be producible by the players fleets robot forges.
                    -having this industry could make all ships coming from this market hold high tech robots instead of normal ones.
                -add an industry (or building) to upgrade ships with an free AI retrofit
                    -have this building create an ship storage (like the repair dock) that uninstalls 'AI-Retrofits' (if applicable)
                     and installs 'built-in AI-Retrofits' at an rate of 8/4/2/1 ships per moth.
                    -have this industry make all same faction AI market ships from this system have the 'built-in AI-Retrofits' instead of the normal 'AI-Retrofits'

Industry:
        population and infrastructure:
            -(working on)replace image
            -(working on)replace name
            -(working on)replace description
            -(done?)replace demand/supply
        a lot of new industry might need to be added, for not making AI markets to simple
        most likely, i will make them require the 'robotic population' market condition im using to control all of this.

        -(started)robotic drone factory:
            -requires everything robotic drones require
            -if stocked, builds drones at your supply point, and provides population growth bonus
                -maybe let it upgrade into itself, but let its upgrade have the options to target a world to send robots to?
            -maybe let it upgrade into something that produces advanced workers?
            -maybe let it upgrade into something that produces lots of one type of worker?
            -requires (robot frames?)metals and robotic replacement parts?
            produces:                     3000
                AIretrofit_WorkerDrone: 2:1200
                AIretrofit_SurveyDrone: 2:800
                AIretrofit_CombatDrone: 2:1000
            costs:
                build cost: 15
                time:       60
                upkeep:     3
            extra:
                if stocked, builds drones at supply ponit and provides population growth.
        -advancedrobotic drone factory:
            -requires everything robotic drones require
            -if stocked, builds drones at your supply point, and provides population growth bonus
            produces:                        4500 - 9000
                AIretrofit_WorkerDrone: size:1800 - 3600
                AIretrofit_SurveyDrone: size:1200 - 2400
                AIretrofit_CombatDrone: size:1500 - 3000
            costs:
                build cost: 50
                time:       90
                upkeep:     8
            extra:
               if stocked, builds drones at supply point and provides population growth.
        -robot carrier service:
            -costs population growth to use.
            -let it upgrade into a building that sends population somewere?
            produces:

            costs:
                build cost:
                time:
                upkeep:
            extra:
                lets you apply an heavy population drop to this world, and an population increase to another world
                can only be built on world with automated pops
        -(started)AINode production facility:
            produces:                                   2200 - 6100
                AIretrofit_SubCommandNode:  size - 2:   850 - 3400
                AIretrofit_CommandRely:     size:       1350 - 2700
            costs:
                build cost: 70
                time:       100 days
                upkeep:     10
            extra:
                no bonus or minus planed
        -(started)robotic maintenance facility:
            -provides stability while stocked
            -builds maintains pacts
            -builds robotic replacement parts
            -(?)builds robot frames
            -requires mettle's and transplants and heavy machinery
            produces:                                           2100 - 5700
                AIretrofit_maintainsPacts:          size:       2100 - 4200
                AIretrofit_roboticReplacementParts: size - 3:   0 - 1500
            costs:
                build cost: 30
                time:       70
                upkeep:     4
            extra:
                1 stability on worlds with AI pops
        -(stared)synthetic production center:
            -builds human interface node
            requires organics and harvested origins, and robot frames?
            produces:                                800 - 3200
                AIretrofit_SubCommandNode: size - 2: 800 - 3200
            costs:
                build cost: 70
                time:       120
                upkeep:     10
            extra:
                reduces stability on worlds without automated pops
        -(maybe not)population relocation node:
            produces:

            costs:
                build cost: 60
                time:       60
                upkeep:     10
            extra:
                targets an world.
                well targeting said world, make the world:
                    reduce stability (by population size + 3)
                    require an very large amount of combat drones.
                    require an small amount of survey drones.
                    require an small amount of worker drones.
                    provide an population decline.
                    if robot demand not meet, smaller population decline.
                    when population reaches 3 (or maybe 1..) add the AIpop market condition
                well targeting said world, make the industry:
                    cost mush more credits
                if this world, or the target world, are taking by another faction remove this effect.
